Question1 :
  what are the key things you would consider when creating/consuming an API to
        ensure that it is secure and reliable?

        1. API Structure -->API should follow a correct namimg conventions
        2. Version  --> API should also follow the versioning of the system
        3. Security  --> API should be able to Authenticate and Authorize correctly
        4. Validation --> API should validate the data that is given by the user
        5. Rate limit --> API should limit the rate for an particular API's
        6. Error Handling --> Customize Error Handling Should be done in human readdable form.








Theoretical
Question 2:
I want a program that will take the CSV input above and produce CSV output with the results.  If it is a value, then return a value. 
If it is a formula then calculate the formula and return the value of that formula.
 



Q1. How will you tackle the challenge above?

Ans:- To tackle this we can
1--> we can read the csv file in by passing the path of the file in java FileReader class in java and get the whole data in the form of string
2--> we can split the string we got in step 1 by using string.split(",")
3--> once we get the seperated string we can check if this value is a formula or not we can do it by verifying if this string starts from "="
4--> if it contains formula then we can write a logic to evaluate the same and add that evaluated value to output string
5--> if doesn't contains the formula ( i.e value doesn't start from "=") we simply add old value to the output string. 
6--> Now we can write the generated string into the CSV file by adding the delimeter to it as in the format of csv file.
7--> we can write this output string to new csv file


2. What type of errors you would you check for?

Ans:- Errors that we can encounter are:-
1. Invalid data in CSV file
2. Invalid formula in a cell
3.Arithematic Expression
4. FileNotFound Exception



3. How might a user break your code?
Ans:-> user can break this code by :-
      1. invalid data
      2. by dividing by zero
      3. giving wrong file path
      